if you look closely at years
lg 2012 TVs you can
see the frame
and the rest they will show you themselves
Hi there, this is an online photo shop and
we look at the sixth seventh and eighth
lg tv series of 2012
Let's start with the 6 series in this series a few
models that are almost identical
Of course they are different design plus
some more chips
the first model 620 has no built
Wi fi adapter need to buy it
separately starting with 640 models above
the adapter is the second here is the remote
which is called magic magic magic
motion
it is not in all models but only
starts 660 and
and above why does he need all these TVs
support voice control and
gestures that are carried out using
this console how it works I will show
later
the third in all but 620 model types
led backlight + what does it mean i
I will tell further well and the last all models
already completed with four pairs of 3d
points but in model 760 besides that
there are two additional pair of points
for playing together which are called
dual play
starting with this model and above these
Points are completed with all TVs lg
how they work me too a bit later
tell this model 669
and 670 are exactly the same leg
different test i will 670 model
and start as usual with connectors Sai slot
4 hdmi three branches desk with the option
connecting splitter output for
headphone
composite component inputs fools
card digital audio output rgb rca input
audio input and lan port update frequency
screen 400 hertz
And the resolution of the image is full hd black
the color is really black not like
you know it happens in some TVs
you look at black and he is gray
This because here and highlight led
plus this technology is local
dimming which works so
LEDs can turn off alternately
this way more
deep black color in general image
Loved it all the more with such
thin frame as the screen here seems
even more and you are like in the cinema
you are sitting by the way TV design
especially so thin frame
manufacturers clearly city
but because they came up with such a design
name cinema screen
with this design is cool to watch
movies in 3d
the framework as if absolutely no now I
show you how this remote works
we clamp the central button and here at
such a move we switch to
the next channel but with this
back to the list of recent actions
on this gesture management is over
a bunch of features to customize 3d
These are standard features for everyone.
modern 3d TV conversion
2d to 3d
adjust the depth of the volumetric image
and special surround technologies
sound 3 landing party link 3d image
I liked the eyes on his forehead do not climb
as often happens in my opinion wil
je was best realized
conversion from 2d to 3d smart heavy
here in principle the same as everywhere
all the same you see social networks
video services and so on only here
more
games and applications browser is also there
pretty smart so you can
full internet usage plus
unique service 3d world which
let you watch the video in 3d right
from the internet there are several categories
video you will be what to choose only
it is necessary to get a good internet I
just do not know what the Internet should
be for viewing we have 10 megabits on
the world but what it writes when trying
enable video
if you have a smartphone with support
android you can install yourself
application l g-smart remout it will allow
you control telekom from your phone like
using the remote control to watch programs from the TV
on the smartphone and vice versa play
video photo and audio files from the phone to
tv
well, and then I ran into my problem
smartphone does not see the TV on the network as
I tried after hours trying
network reboots reinstalled
apps i threw this thing but
software updated
every day so i'm sure that with
time everything will work correctly
TV has a built-in digital
tuner 9 2 is a new format broadcast on
which in a couple of years will go all
Channels if you do not have such a Chinara
will have to buy it separately of course
the same telly is mounted on the wall format
Weight attachment size depends on
the diagonals here are 400 by 400
and here is the TV next 7 series lm
761 in this series honestly
here everything is the same as in the 6 series but
here the update frequency is increased
screen up to 800 hertz + kit added
two pairs of dollars to play
will allow to play together without sharing the screen
two halves from model 670 this one as
see different color plus he
weight on two kilos on this
the difference ends here
representative of the 8 series by the way too
only from its predecessor
Differs a little in the first place design
secondly here at this point is embedded
microphone so that you can
use voice features this
Internet search and social networking
for example, you can reply to a message
voice let's see how he
responds to the Russian language select the search
voice search
elji
Liza is not even Russian let's do it again
try hello
bolivia del video speak again
hello slowly and clearly
in general, like that, and the last to all
the rest of the built-in tuner added
dvb-s tuner 2
this is a new generation of satellite broadcasting
which roughly allows you to broadcast in
best quality
so in the case of 2 5 2 broadcast in this
For now, only a few
satellite channels a whole tv me
and like from 3d i'm really excited
This is the best I've seen at home
TVs are a little upsetting that everyone
those chips that make this telly
Mega modern I did not work
take advantage namely control with
using smartphone and voice features
the rest of the telly loved
Especially pleased with the magic motion remote
management plan is that with each new
series added only the price they function
for me is not news so many do a
the rest of the TV and really cool
they show in chic quality with them
cool cool design then you too
pleased browser does not fools set
no problem text
I personally have enough of this with my head on
This was all with you was an online store
fotos.ua
my name is maxim subscribe to our
youtube channel and stay with us